1. Purpose
	This application is designed to illustrate a basic 
	understanding of the software development process for GUI 
	applications in five different front end languages, 
	all sharing a single backend written in rust, 
	which must also be able to be used as a standalone backend 
	server with no changes to the code, front end or backend.
	In this configuration it should be accessible from multiple
	clients.
	
	1.1 Background
		I have spent most of my life as a user of computers,
		savvy only to those who were inexperienced in the
		basic set up and mainenance of them. To these people
		I made myself seem to be more knowledgeable
		than I was in truth, this seems to be a caricature
		visible to any who have met a teenage 'nerd'/gamer,
		more interested in what coders could do for him,
		than in what he could do for himself using the power
		hidden beneath the keyboard of his netbook.
		
		Only recently did I find for myself the way of
		ordering the silicon about, but after my first
		python tutorial, I grew obsessive, with visions
		of code perfection that failed to take in a truthful
		account of reality. This turned out to be a good
		thing, though, as I was inexplicably attached
		to the vision of a better computing future.

		This has lead me to experiment with various ways
		of coding, from the 'lets see what sticks' method
		heavy on the keystrokes and ^Cs, through the solid
		foundations brought by the application of poor TDD.

		And so, this code that you may never care to read,
		is my attempt to carve out a little more of what lies
		within and lay it concretely out for reality to test.
		
		I will be approaching this in a way that I have
		never before, starting with this very document.
		As I iterate through this document, and the code
		meant to come of it, I will attempt to knock out a
		superficial version of the decade of experience
		which I ought to have gained by finishing high
		school and starting the path towards this career
		in earnest many years passed.

		May the cluster unfuck itself by my hand, and
		let good fortune come to the weary soul who finds 
		themselves in the midst of the text which supports 
		an idea so superfluous.
		

	1.2 System Overview
		
		
	
		
